This movie has the same problem that plagued Beauty and the Beast 2017 and Alice through the looking glass. Yes, it looks good. Yes, it kinda entertains. And yes, it´s not a god awful movie to sit through.But it´s predictable and cliched to the point where no ammount of red herrings can fool and no ammount of fake thrill can make you excited. And worse of all, it has no heart, no emotion, no motivation. There´s nothing memorable or endearing.The character are not characters, they are bland plot devices (Clara and the Nutecracker), glorified and irrelevant extras (like it sadly happens with the Flower king and the king of the land of snowflakes) or just swift cameos ( Morgan Freeman and Mother Gingerbread). The have no dimension, no porpuse, nothing that coud make the audience care about what happens to
them or the story.This is by war thebiggest flaw of the movie.Why would the audience care about a movie when its characters are so boring and dull?To add to its non existent characterization, the world building is just as awful.You never get to explore this world, to know its habitants. It feels like a superficial tour where the guide doesn´t even bother to explain what is happening, or why you should care about what you are seeing. You get to point A to point B and finally to point C, only to get thrown out of the bus without the chance to ask what the hell just happened.This is a lazy cluster of a mess, an empty husk devoid of anything resembling human emotion.I´m actually amazed someone was paid to write this thing. I´ve seen works online made by fans that are far better in both narrative structure and characterization.What a shame. You can actually see the potential this idea once had.This movie has the same problem that plagued Beauty and the Beast 2017 and Alice through the looking glass. Yes, it looks good. Yes, it kinda entertains. And yes, it´s not a god awful movie to sit through.But it´s predictable and cliched to the point where no ammount of red herrings can fool and no ammount of fake thrill can make you excited. And worse of all, it has no heart, no emotion, no motivation. There´s nothing memorable or endearing.The character are not characters, they are bland plot devices (Clara and the Nutecracker), glorified and irrelevant extras (like it sadly happens with the Flower king and the king of the land of snowflakes) or just swift cameos ( Morgan Freeman and Mother Gingerbread). The have no dimension, no porpuse, nothing that coud make the audience care about what happens to
them or the story.This is by war thebiggest flaw of the movie.Why would the audience care about a movie when its characters are so boring and dull?To add to its non existent characterization, the world building is just as awful.You never get to explore this world, to know its habitants. It feels like a superficial tour where the guide doesn´t even bother to explain what is happening, or why you should care about what you are seeing. You get to point A to point B and finally to point C, only to get thrown out of the bus without the chance to ask what the hell just happened.This is a lazy cluster of a mess, an empty husk devoid of anything resembling human emotion.I´m actually amazed someone was paid to write this thing. I´ve seen works online made by fans that are far better in both narrative structure and characterization.What a shame. You can actually see the potential this idea once had.