I saw this movie with my 10 year old daughter, who thought it was bad, and I had to agree. This movie's script is terrible, and I'm tempted to go into this and discuss how I think it could have been improved, but I won't. I just want to highlight some of the strange messages one can get from it. (Spoilers ahead.)If someone kidnaps you and assaults you, they may still be a good person and you need to listen to them. (Mother Ginger uses the mice to kidnap Clara, then her frightening clowns to bully her into her presence. Clara naturally runs away, but in the end it turns out that Mother Ginger is actually good and the movie implies that Clara should have listened to her.)If someone tells you to trust them and immediately show you that you can't, you should still trust them and everything will be okay in the end. (Clara sends Captain Phillip away, then almost slips to her death, being saved by him at the last moment. He then leaves her anyway, trusting that everything will be okay as she traverses the slippery cliffs.)Regardless of how accomplished a woman is, her greatest accomplishment is having kids. (Clara's mother, who was an incredible inventor, called Clara her greatest invention, and apparently not only stopped inventing things after she was born but also never mentioned that she invented a machine that could breath life into toys. Because apparently, once you're a mother, all that invention nonsense no longer matters.)This is not a comprehensive list. Really, someone should have looked at that script with a critical eye. While Disney movies often have messages which aren't that great (like the whole princesses thing), they don't often scrape the bottom of the barrel like this one.I saw this movie with my 10 year old daughter, who thought it was bad, and I had to agree. This movie's script is terrible, and I'm tempted to go into this and discuss how I think it could have been improved, but I won't. I just want to highlight some of the strange messages one can get from it. (Spoilers ahead.)If someone kidnaps you and assaults you, they may still be a good person and you need to listen to them. (Mother Ginger uses the mice to kidnap Clara, then her frightening clowns to bully her into her presence. Clara naturally runs away, but in the end it turns out that Mother Ginger is actually good and the movie implies that Clara should have listened to her.)If someone tells you to trust them and immediately show you that you can't, you should still trust them and everything will be okay in the end. (Clara sends Captain Phillip away, then almost slips to her death, being saved by him at the last moment. He then leaves her anyway, trusting that everything will be okay as she traverses the slippery cliffs.)Regardless of how accomplished a woman is, her greatest accomplishment is having kids. (Clara's mother, who was an incredible inventor, called Clara her greatest invention, and apparently not only stopped inventing things after she was born but also never mentioned that she invented a machine that could breath life into toys. Because apparently, once you're a mother, all that invention nonsense no longer matters.)This is not a comprehensive list. Really, someone should have looked at that script with a critical eye. While Disney movies often have messages which aren't that great (like the whole princesses thing), they don't often scrape the bottom of the barrel like this one.