Oh, good lord it's horrible. I try to see the best in most film and TV I see, I really do - but this one is a challenge to find anything.So, in classic Disney fashion, a (wealthy) Victorian family in London are about to celebrate their first Christmas since the matriarch of the family has passed away. The father of the family, played by Matthew MacFadyen, insists that his three children attend their Godfathers annual Christmas party, at which his middle daughter Clara (Mackenzie Foy) discovers an access portal to the four secret realms, where her mother acted as queen.From there, the film is very much a cannibalisation of other Disney films, thrown together in a desperate attempt to lengthen the plot to feature length. Principle target is the Tim Burton "Alice In Wonderland" films, though there's bits of "Mary Poppins" and a healthy dose of a live action "Fantasia". The trouble is, it's boring. Irredeemably boring. It generally looks quite nice but I couldn't make myself care about any of it. Its plot twist is obvious, its characters are annoying, its hilariously cruel in its dismissal of the value of the other two children and it's comic relief are never either (Poor Jack Whitehall's Disney career gets off to a bad start). Even if you like Ballet, it only really features in a couple of scenes.In terms of things I liked, I'll not criticise Mackenzie Foy - she does a reasonable job with what she has to work with. Keira Knightly in the second half of the film looks like she's having fun, even if the audience isn't.It tells you everything that Disney pushed "Solo's" release forward by six months, to make sure that it stayed away from their impending "Mary Poppins" juggernaut, but were happy to release this, which, on the surface, is a much more comparable film. If they had no faith in the end product, why should you.Oh, good lord it's horrible. I try to see the best in most film and TV I see, I really do - but this one is a challenge to find anything.So, in classic Disney fashion, a (wealthy) Victorian family in London are about to celebrate their first Christmas since the matriarch of the family has passed away. The father of the family, played by Matthew MacFadyen, insists that his three children attend their Godfathers annual Christmas party, at which his middle daughter Clara (Mackenzie Foy) discovers an access portal to the four secret realms, where her mother acted as queen.From there, the film is very much a cannibalisation of other Disney films, thrown together in a desperate attempt to lengthen the plot to feature length. Principle target is the Tim Burton "Alice In Wonderland" films, though there's bits of "Mary Poppins" and a healthy dose of a live action "Fantasia". The trouble is, it's boring. Irredeemably boring. It generally looks quite nice but I couldn't make myself care about any of it. Its plot twist is obvious, its characters are annoying, its hilariously cruel in its dismissal of the value of the other two children and it's comic relief are never either (Poor Jack Whitehall's Disney career gets off to a bad start). Even if you like Ballet, it only really features in a couple of scenes.In terms of things I liked, I'll not criticise Mackenzie Foy - she does a reasonable job with what she has to work with. Keira Knightly in the second half of the film looks like she's having fun, even if the audience isn't.It tells you everything that Disney pushed "Solo's" release forward by six months, to make sure that it stayed away from their impending "Mary Poppins" juggernaut, but were happy to release this, which, on the surface, is a much more comparable film. If they had no faith in the end product, why should you.