Instant Family annoyed me in a variety of ways, with the pinnacle of my complaints being that this film does not take the subject of foster care seriously at all. I apologize, but I can tell the majority of people involved in this film were all Caucasian people who had not a clue about how this stuff works. Maybe they got the court case stuff correct or the actual adoption process right, but when it comes to actual abuse and the suffering of these children, this movie just does not get it.I have been abused before. I could have easily been in the foster care system if anybody found out about the severity of our hoarder house or my bruises. Regardless, I made it out, and it was tough. I was sad, depressed, and weak. But I have slowly overcome it all. With that being said, not a single foster kid portrayed in this film had any signs of trauma or sadness. It was the teenage daughter being the spoiled brat. Or the little girl who screams for no apparent reason. Or maybe the son who had an interesting character written in the script with his "I'm sorry, please don't hurt me" dialogue whenever he would make a mistake. However, his acting is so atrocious and it looks like he is laughing half of the time, and I could not take it seriously. None of the three adopted children look or act like they actually came from a household where a meth lab was. They are just kind of spoiled if I am being honest. Take a glimpse at any aspect of foster children in the real world, and you will see how horribly depicted they were here.Continuing with acting, Rose Byrne (who is the real reason I watched this movie, if I am being honest *wink wink*) was god-awful here. She overacted so much and she cannot express any emotion to save her life. Byrne does a fine job when she is speaking in a calm and neutral tone, but when she is wanting to cry or yell at the kids, it just comes off as bad. Mark Wahlberg surprisingly did a better job here. I sincerely enjoyed his relationship with the son.As for the comedy, it honestly shouldn't have been in here. Sure, I have other movies like the superior Shoplifters that gives a realistic portrayal of adopting kids. But, I couldn't help but think this film was the normie version of a foster care film. Because what will draw the normies in are stupid comedic jokes. I swear, 70 percent of the jokes were cringe humor, and I was really uncomfortable. The other 30 percent was actually funny. But the entire 100 percent of the jokes pretty much invalidated any emotion or struggle that was going on in the moments leading up to the joke. For example, do I need to hear a reference to The Blind Side? Do I need to hear a reference to Avatar? Does there need to be a creepy old lady neighbor that totally ruins one of the most emotional parts of the film. All in all, the jokes in here, despite some working, completely felt unnecessary. Remember kids, ketchup is the best way to put out a fire.Finally, Instant Family is a dumbed down version of a horrible epidemic going on throughout the world, and that is the concept of children being unloved by their parents. It is a deeply saddening thought, and it happens all of the time. This film implies that we should dumb it all down by excluding any physical, sexual, or drug abuse. Don't expect any powerful themes here. Just expect to cringe, be annoyed, and feel just a bit, only for it to be ruined by another one of Wahlberg's Dad jokes...