Be warned first of all, this movie is supposed to be about Christmas but does more to represent the Spanish War. Its message is also unclear and actually quite dangerous. Without trying to reveal spoilers, i'll go ahead and basically say that the moral of this movie is that actual family presence means nothing and can be overridden with clever purchases and their uses (aka appealing to the consumerist part of Christmas).The movie shares two tones, one being the exquisite and quite beautifully CGI rendered world of the kingdom, and the other being a Halloween looking tent that Mike Myers might want to hide out in. The part that irks and confuses me, is that there is no clear reason for why these two tonal shifts have to be so conflicting with each other in the film other than to provide an obvious front for conflict. This symbolises to me a lack of care and depth that went into the developing this film's characters or story. It was a complete attempt to appeal to the audience, there was no sacrifice on the writers part to put something original in here. It's everything you've seen and liked in pop culture, fit into the "Christmas" theme of The Nutcracker (this movie isn't really about The Nutcracker).Be warned first of all, this movie is supposed to be about Christmas but does more to represent the Spanish War. Its message is also unclear and actually quite dangerous. Without trying to reveal spoilers, i'll go ahead and basically say that the moral of this movie is that actual family presence means nothing and can be overridden with clever purchases and their uses (aka appealing to the consumerist part of Christmas).The movie shares two tones, one being the exquisite and quite beautifully CGI rendered world of the kingdom, and the other being a Halloween looking tent that Mike Myers might want to hide out in. The part that irks and confuses me, is that there is no clear reason for why these two tonal shifts have to be so conflicting with each other in the film other than to provide an obvious front for conflict. This symbolises to me a lack of care and depth that went into the developing this film's characters or story. It was a complete attempt to appeal to the audience, there was no sacrifice on the writers part to put something original in here. It's everything you've seen and liked in pop culture, fit into the "Christmas" theme of The Nutcracker (this movie isn't really about The Nutcracker).