I'm not going to lie going into the Nutcracker I surely was surprised. Unlike, many others I have enjoyed the trailers and I knew going into it I was gonna enjoy the film. Now, yes I did find the film pretty enjoyable, but I'm not going to lie this movie had some flaws. One was throughout the middle of the film the pacing was a bit to quickly. Now, that also comes to the issue of the amount of time. I felt to have told an slightly better story they should have given the movie more screen time. Not, only that I felt the story or movie itself could have been a better not that I'm saying it was horrible it had some really great twists and turns lot gonna lie, but it could have been better. I mean they were given 32 days of reshoots and my guess the producers and directors didn't really to that to there advantage. Through I do have to say the acting was marvelous. What a brilliant cast each have it there all and I'm extremely proud of Foy she did a marvelous job and can't wait for here future has for her. Not only for people who the CGI made it look unattractive I found myself dazzled when it came to special effects I was so proud of the effort the team did when it came to the design and look of the film. Also, give a huge shoutout to the composers of the film they did an outstanding job with the music just so pleasing to the ear. So, to wrap up if you know it won't sound interesting to you then honestly you shouldn't go and go watch something else, but for others I would suggest to watch it and bring your kids. Just a heads for the kids there are some quite dark and creepy moments. So, that's my review on The Nutcracker and the Four Realms. In, my opinion it was a good movie, but at some time could have been a better. I know it doesn't range in the category for a Disney Classic, but come Christmas it will be one of the many movies me and my family watch.I'm not going to lie going into the Nutcracker I surely was surprised. Unlike, many others I have enjoyed the trailers and I knew going into it I was gonna enjoy the film. Now, yes I did find the film pretty enjoyable, but I'm not going to lie this movie had some flaws. One was throughout the middle of the film the pacing was a bit to quickly. Now, that also comes to the issue of the amount of time. I felt to have told an slightly better story they should have given the movie more screen time. Not, only that I felt the story or movie itself could have been a better not that I'm saying it was horrible it had some really great twists and turns lot gonna lie, but it could have been better. I mean they were given 32 days of reshoots and my guess the producers and directors didn't really to that to there advantage. Through I do have to say the acting was marvelous. What a brilliant cast each have it there all and I'm extremely proud of Foy she did a marvelous job and can't wait for here future has for her. Not only for people who the CGI made it look unattractive I found myself dazzled when it came to special effects I was so proud of the effort the team did when it came to the design and look of the film. Also, give a huge shoutout to the composers of the film they did an outstanding job with the music just so pleasing to the ear. So, to wrap up if you know it won't sound interesting to you then honestly you shouldn't go and go watch something else, but for others I would suggest to watch it and bring your kids. Just a heads for the kids there are some quite dark and creepy moments. So, that's my review on The Nutcracker and the Four Realms. In, my opinion it was a good movie, but at some time could have been a better. I know it doesn't range in the category for a Disney Classic, but come Christmas it will be one of the many movies me and my family watch.