The Nutcracker and the Four Realms Review:The Nutcracker and the Four Realms is Disney's newest live action film following young Clara, Mackenzie Foy, who is travels to a new world. We all new this movie wouldn't be good but I love The Nutcracker so I wanted to see it. This movie wasn't really good but it wasn't really bad. It didn't have much to do with the Nutcracker story so I was a bit disappointed. The story was kind of interesting at the beginning but then it just all fell apart. It was also so predictable. I will say Mackenzie Foy, like always, did a good job playing Clara. I also liked Morgan Freeman for the 5 minutes he was in it. Everyone else was annoying or didn't stand out. By far the worst part of the movie was Keira Knightley as Sugar Plum. She is such a great actress and all of that went away in this. She had the most annoying fricken voice and didn't really seem to get into her role. There were some good things about it, other than Mackenzie Foy. The production design was really good. There was one scene with a ballet and that was the best part. The production was really cool. The costumes were pretty good too. The score was good for the songs from The Nutcracker but the rest was just meh. There's not much to say about it. This is just another one of those Disney movies that's trying to be bigger and better than it actually is. I would just wait for it to come out on Netflix to watch it.My Grade: C-The Nutcracker and the Four Realms Review:The Nutcracker and the Four Realms is Disney's newest live action film following young Clara, Mackenzie Foy, who is travels to a new world. We all new this movie wouldn't be good but I love The Nutcracker so I wanted to see it. This movie wasn't really good but it wasn't really bad. It didn't have much to do with the Nutcracker story so I was a bit disappointed. The story was kind of interesting at the beginning but then it just all fell apart. It was also so predictable. I will say Mackenzie Foy, like always, did a good job playing Clara. I also liked Morgan Freeman for the 5 minutes he was in it. Everyone else was annoying or didn't stand out. By far the worst part of the movie was Keira Knightley as Sugar Plum. She is such a great actress and all of that went away in this. She had the most annoying fricken voice and didn't really seem to get into her role. There were some good things about it, other than Mackenzie Foy. The production design was really good. There was one scene with a ballet and that was the best part. The production was really cool. The costumes were pretty good too. The score was good for the songs from The Nutcracker but the rest was just meh. There's not much to say about it. This is just another one of those Disney movies that's trying to be bigger and better than it actually is. I would just wait for it to come out on Netflix to watch it.My Grade: C-