After making 'The Lion King', Disney never made another movie that lived up to the quality of touching as many hearts as with that film, now hailed as one of the greatest films of all time... until now.I'm a huge Tchaikovsky fanatic. He's one of my two favourite composers from the classical age, besides Strauss, and his 'Nutcracker' ballet, by far, has and will always be my favourite. I've dreamed for a fantastic nutcracker movie since I was really young. Literally. I've always fell in love with the music and the story of the ballet for my whole life. Thus, I was genuinely looking forward to liking this movie, despite the worry that this is a Disney movie...The biggest and most glaring issue I have with almost every single Disney movie are the same old tropes being repeated over and over again. The flashy musical numbers, the extremely mediocre editing, that one moment that's supposed to be a tearjerker, and most of all, a cliche villain. Disney villains like Maleficent, Frollo, Clayton, King Candy and especially Scar definitely exclude from this, but this is sadly not the case for all the others so far. This movie has none of these issues. None. In fact, it's actually far more exceptional than that.The already fell in love with it's presentation within the first 10 minutes, and the cinematography is just as amazing as I always wanted it to be. The use of every composition from the Nutcracker suite from beginning to end are some of the most glorious experiences I've had all year. I couldn't stop smiling. I just couldn't. For once in a very long time does a Disney movie actually give a damn about editing (I'm not counting Pixar by the way).The film, feels and looks just how a great film should. No awkwardly executed scene. No useless exposition. No such cringe from unnecessary or irritating trendy joke. I was blown away how this movie managed to get away with being untinged by that Hollywood cynicism I despise, despite being produced by a studio who doesn't really care about art and is in it only for the money. I mean, for God's sake, there's even anti-capitalist symbolism in the movie (explaining some of the industrial inspired art-design), and it's made pretty clear by the villain's objective, and symbolism in this movie runs as thick as blood. There's so much more to this film thematically besides that: Innocence. Loyalty. Balance. Psychology. Deceit. It's all told in a brilliant and beautiful manner, and it just works.Overall, this film really exceeded my anticipation. I did not expect it to be this good, since it's a Disney film. By far their best movie since The Lion King (if we're excluding Pixar here). I think this is Disney's Second Masterpiece.After making 'The Lion King', Disney never made another movie that lived up to the quality of touching as many hearts as with that film, now hailed as one of the greatest films of all time... until now.I'm a huge Tchaikovsky fanatic. He's one of my two favourite composers from the classical age, besides Strauss, and his 'Nutcracker' ballet, by far, has and will always be my favourite. I've dreamed for a fantastic nutcracker movie since I was really young. Literally. I've always fell in love with the music and the story of the ballet for my whole life. Thus, I was genuinely looking forward to liking this movie, despite the worry that this is a Disney movie...The biggest and most glaring issue I have with almost every single Disney movie are the same old tropes being repeated over and over again. The flashy musical numbers, the extremely mediocre editing, that one moment that's supposed to be a tearjerker, and most of all, a cliche villain. Disney villains like Maleficent, Frollo, Clayton, King Candy and especially Scar definitely exclude from this, but this is sadly not the case for all the others so far. This movie has none of these issues. None. In fact, it's actually far more exceptional than that.The already fell in love with it's presentation within the first 10 minutes, and the cinematography is just as amazing as I always wanted it to be. The use of every composition from the Nutcracker suite from beginning to end are some of the most glorious experiences I've had all year. I couldn't stop smiling. I just couldn't. For once in a very long time does a Disney movie actually give a damn about editing (I'm not counting Pixar by the way).The film, feels and looks just how a great film should. No awkwardly executed scene. No useless exposition. No such cringe from unnecessary or irritating trendy joke. I was blown away how this movie managed to get away with being untinged by that Hollywood cynicism I despise, despite being produced by a studio who doesn't really care about art and is in it only for the money. I mean, for God's sake, there's even anti-capitalist symbolism in the movie (explaining some of the industrial inspired art-design), and it's made pretty clear by the villain's objective, and symbolism in this movie runs as thick as blood. There's so much more to this film thematically besides that: Innocence. Loyalty. Balance. Psychology. Deceit. It's all told in a brilliant and beautiful manner, and it just works.Overall, this film really exceeded my anticipation. I did not expect it to be this good, since it's a Disney film. By far their best movie since The Lion King (if we're excluding Pixar here). I think this is Disney's Second Masterpiece.