Ah, "The Nutcracker". That novel-turned-ballet that's become a Christmas tradition. I saw a stage production of the ballet in 2015, and it was one of the most impressive things ever. You've no doubt heard at least one of Pyotr Chaikovsky's songs from the ballet.There have been occasional movie adaptations of the story. The latest is "The Nutcracker and the Four Realms", which expands the story. The movie was pretty much what I expected: nothing terrible, but no masterpiece by any stretch. It tried to be so much at once that it became sensory overload at times. The protagonist's father came across as sort of a predator also. Rather creepy in that sense.Now the good things about it. The visuals are a sight for sore eyes, and the protagonist is a princess, but not one merely waiting for a man to sweep her off her feet; she discovers that she has a goal to achieve, and sets about doing so (which Joseph Campbell described as the hero's journey). And as has happened in a number of Disney's movies in the 21st century, a presumably good character turns out to be a villain (a far cry from their movies in which being "pretty" automatically makes her good).Basically, you'll be disappointed if you expect a great movie. "The Nutcracker and the Four Realms" is anything but, especially since the Nutcracker himself is only a supporting character. If you merely expect an entertaining movie, you'll be satisfied. This is NOT a horrible movie; having seen "Mac and Me", "The Flintstones", "Everyone Says I Love You", "Eyes Wide Shut" and "Man on the Moon", I know how to define a horrible movie. Just accept it as a lighthearted mediocrity.Ah, "The Nutcracker". That novel-turned-ballet that's become a Christmas tradition. I saw a stage production of the ballet in 2015, and it was one of the most impressive things ever. You've no doubt heard at least one of Pyotr Chaikovsky's songs from the ballet.There have been occasional movie adaptations of the story. The latest is "The Nutcracker and the Four Realms", which expands the story. The movie was pretty much what I expected: nothing terrible, but no masterpiece by any stretch. It tried to be so much at once that it became sensory overload at times. The protagonist's father came across as sort of a predator also. Rather creepy in that sense.Now the good things about it. The visuals are a sight for sore eyes, and the protagonist is a princess, but not one merely waiting for a man to sweep her off her feet; she discovers that she has a goal to achieve, and sets about doing so (which Joseph Campbell described as the hero's journey). And as has happened in a number of Disney's movies in the 21st century, a presumably good character turns out to be a villain (a far cry from their movies in which being "pretty" automatically makes her good).Basically, you'll be disappointed if you expect a great movie. "The Nutcracker and the Four Realms" is anything but, especially since the Nutcracker himself is only a supporting character. If you merely expect an entertaining movie, you'll be satisfied. This is NOT a horrible movie; having seen "Mac and Me", "The Flintstones", "Everyone Says I Love You", "Eyes Wide Shut" and "Man on the Moon", I know how to define a horrible movie. Just accept it as a lighthearted mediocrity.