When your child talks about wanting to see a movie for months before it opens, sometimes it's a good thing. If it weren't for my 10yo son's insistence that we see The Nutcracker and the Four Realms on its opening weekend, I might have gotten spooked by bad reviews. I found the movie quite delightful - imaginative, beautiful, touching. I liked how the elements of the ballet were incorporated into the film. From Misty Copeland's magnificent dancing to parts of the familiar music numbers blended seamlessly with the modern original score, which is great in its own right. Even the architecture of the palace pays homage to the ballet's Russian origin. And what a great way to introduce kids to ballet!
I took my son to see the The Nutcracker on stage when he was about 7. The second act was when he got fidgety and disruptive. The film took that very part and turned it into a story filled with action and complex characters. It put the story somewhat on its head, yet it is surprisingly logical - within its fantasy realm, no pun intended. Veteran actors took their three dimensional characters and ran with them - barely recognizable Helen Mirren as Mother Ginger, Matthew Macfadyen as the grieving father, Kiera Nightly as Sugarplum Fairy. With the latter though I had a problem when her reactions became bizarrely sexual. Not because it's inappropriate for a kids movie, but because it just felt wrong. But everything ultimately hinges on the young Mackenzie Foy, who is just perfect as ingenious Clara. And Jayden Fowora-Knight is revelation as The Nutcracker - so wonderfully charming and effortlessly alive. There's an actual chemistry between these two that made me almost wish for some romance.
I could have done without the two doofus soldiers used for mandatory comic relief, although the scene that makes fun of customs forms was dead on. I am also getting a little fed up with Disney's insistence on pushing STEM girl role models, but that might just be me having seen too much of Doc McStuffings and Stuck in the Middle on their TV channels. I found Clara totally believable as science minded inventor, but every time snowflakes would land on her bare arms without causing so much as a goose bump, the movie would lose a little something. Would it kill them to give her a coat?