Disney really, REALLY needs to stop with this switching the good guys and the bad guys from the original stories. Didn't they learn with the tragedy that was Maleficent? Seriously, what if when the Harry Potter novels were made into movies and they suddenly revealed that Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix were evil and Voldemort and the Death Eaters were the good guys for a twist. Or if in Star Wars they suddenly revealed that Darth Vader and the Empire were the good guys and Yoda and the Jedi were evil. This time they made the Mouse King good and Sugar Plum evil. Please, Disney, just stop, it isn't working.Overall, the movie was ok and worth a watch, but it felt like they dropped the ball in several areas, most especially the twist of revealing who the true villain was. Some of the dialogue and acting was cheesy, but otherwise it follows the standard fantasy movie formula.On the plus side, what this movie really has going for it is the special effects. The visuals are really stunning, and the effects are beautifully done.Disney really, REALLY needs to stop with this switching the good guys and the bad guys from the original stories. Didn't they learn with the tragedy that was Maleficent? Seriously, what if when the Harry Potter novels were made into movies and they suddenly revealed that Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix were evil and Voldemort and the Death Eaters were the good guys for a twist. Or if in Star Wars they suddenly revealed that Darth Vader and the Empire were the good guys and Yoda and the Jedi were evil. This time they made the Mouse King good and Sugar Plum evil. Please, Disney, just stop, it isn't working.Overall, the movie was ok and worth a watch, but it felt like they dropped the ball in several areas, most especially the twist of revealing who the true villain was. Some of the dialogue and acting was cheesy, but otherwise it follows the standard fantasy movie formula.On the plus side, what this movie really has going for it is the special effects. The visuals are really stunning, and the effects are beautifully done.