Nice fantasy story for Christmas even though the release date was a bit early. Well staged with good music with a few nods to its ballet ancestry. The production, acting and CGI are all pretty good while the costume and scenery was great. I'd have enjoyed more dance.I've not seen the ballet but this is a different story anyway. Three children, who've recently lost their mother, are taken to a Christmas ball. Each child there follows a string that leads them to their gift. Clara's string leads her instead into a magical land. Imagine a very gentle cross been, 'The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe,' with, 'The Hobbit,' and you'll get the idea. I call it a drama rather than an adventure but it's good escapism and there is some humour.There are a couple a sequences that will bore young minds where things get explained that don't need to be explained. Beautifully shot passages of the princess' tour of the fantasy realms get squeezed into an exposition about its history. The editor should have been more brutal and left it out for the forthcoming DVD's uncut version. Even so; the story telling soon gets back on track.I enjoyed the mouse, Mackenzie Foy plays the flawed heroine Clara, Helen Mirren gives us a powerful Mother Ginger while Keira Knightley, in danger of over-exposure, does an excellent sugar plum fairy.There is some mild threat but it is safe for most children.Nice fantasy story for Christmas even though the release date was a bit early. Well staged with good music with a few nods to its ballet ancestry. The production, acting and CGI are all pretty good while the costume and scenery was great. I'd have enjoyed more dance.I've not seen the ballet but this is a different story anyway. Three children, who've recently lost their mother, are taken to a Christmas ball. Each child there follows a string that leads them to their gift. Clara's string leads her instead into a magical land. Imagine a very gentle cross been, 'The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe,' with, 'The Hobbit,' and you'll get the idea. I call it a drama rather than an adventure but it's good escapism and there is some humour.There are a couple a sequences that will bore young minds where things get explained that don't need to be explained. Beautifully shot passages of the princess' tour of the fantasy realms get squeezed into an exposition about its history. The editor should have been more brutal and left it out for the forthcoming DVD's uncut version. Even so; the story telling soon gets back on track.I enjoyed the mouse, Mackenzie Foy plays the flawed heroine Clara, Helen Mirren gives us a powerful Mother Ginger while Keira Knightley, in danger of over-exposure, does an excellent sugar plum fairy.There is some mild threat but it is safe for most children.