This movie did not disappoint. I got almost exactly what I was expecting- a visually beautiful beautiful fairy tale (where a good part of my stars go to). You can't really expect to have psychological debates on the story, nor will it leave you with any new knowledge on life on this planet (what fairy tale movie does?!). But it does its job well. Costumes, make up, design, music were just magical! May be it's just me, but I saw the movie also paying homage to "The Swan lake", which was a nice touch. Clara's music egg played the music from one of my favorite parts from the ballet and I loved it.I was a bit disappointed by some of the acting (Helen Mirren as Mother Ginger for one) and may be the story should have been given a bit more time to unfold properly and give it a bit more depth, but hey - can't always have it all.
For those who are disappointed it is not like the ballet, you surely know it is "The Nutcracker" season soon in most ballet and opera houses, so please go see those shows.I guess it depends what expectations one goes into the movie with, but if you want an eye candy-literately , I recommend you to go and see it.P.S. I very much liked the fact that there was no singing in the movie this time!!!This movie did not disappoint. I got almost exactly what I was expecting- a visually beautiful beautiful fairy tale (where a good part of my stars go to). You can't really expect to have psychological debates on the story, nor will it leave you with any new knowledge on life on this planet (what fairy tale movie does?!). But it does its job well. Costumes, make up, design, music were just magical! May be it's just me, but I saw the movie also paying homage to "The Swan lake", which was a nice touch. Clara's music egg played the music from one of my favorite parts from the ballet and I loved it.I was a bit disappointed by some of the acting (Helen Mirren as Mother Ginger for one) and may be the story should have been given a bit more time to unfold properly and give it a bit more depth, but hey - can't always have it all.
For those who are disappointed it is not like the ballet, you surely know it is "The Nutcracker" season soon in most ballet and opera houses, so please go see those shows.I guess it depends what expectations one goes into the movie with, but if you want an eye candy-literately , I recommend you to go and see it.P.S. I very much liked the fact that there was no singing in the movie this time!!!