Before the heavyweight juggernaut of "Mary Poppins Returns" arrives at Christmas, here's another Disney live action feature to get everyone in the festive spirit.It's Victorian London and Young Clara (Mackenzie Foy) lives with her father (Matthew Macfadyen), her older sister Louise (Ellie Bamber) and her younger brother Fritz (Tom Sweet). It's Christmas and the family are having a hard time as they are grieving the recent death of wife and mother Marie (Anna Madeley). Like her mother, Clara has an astute mind with an engineering bias and is encouraged in this pursuit by her quirky inventor godfather, Drosselmeyer (Morgan Freeman). At his fabled Christmas ball, Clara asks for his help in accessing a gift Clara's mother has bequeathed to her. This leads Clara on a magical adventure to a parallel world with four realms, where everything is not quite peace and harmony.This is a film that visually delights from the word go. The film opens with a swooping tour of Victorian London (who knew the Disney castle was in the capital's suburbs?!) via Westminster bridge and into the Stahlbaum's attic. It's a spectacular tour-de-force of special-effects wizardry and sets up the expectation of what's to come. For every scene that follows is a richly decorated feast for the eyes. Drosselmeyer's party is a glorious event, full of extras, strong on costume design and with a rich colour palette as filmed by Linus Sandgren ("La La Land"). When we are pitched into the Four Realms - no wardrobe required - the magical visions continue.The film represents a Narnia-esque take on the four compass-point lands of Oz, and on that basis it's a bit formulaic. But the good vs evil angles are more subtley portrayed. Of the Four Realms leaders, Keira Knightley as Sugar Plum rather steals the show from the others (played by Richard E. Grant, Eugenio Derbez and Helen Mirren). Mirren in particular is given little to do.What age kids would this be suitable for? Well, probably a good judge would be the Wizard of Oz. If your kids are not completely freaked out by the Wicked Witch of the West and the flying monkeys, then they will probably cope OK with the scary bits of the "Realm of Entertainment". Although those who suffer from either musophobia or (especially) coulrophobia might want to give it a miss! All kids are different though, and the "loss of the mother" is also an angle to consider: that might worry and upset young children. It is definitely a "PG" certificate rather than a "U" certificate.Young people who also enjoy ballet (I nearly fell into a sexist trap there!) will also get a kick out of some of the dance sequences, which are "Fantasia-esque" in their presentation and feature Misty Copeland, famously the first African American Female Principal Dancer with the American Ballet Theatre. (I have no appreciation at all for ballet, but I'm sure it was brilliant!)As for the moral tone of the film, the female empowerment message is rather ladled on with a trowel, but as it's a good message I have no great problem with that. I am often appalled at how lacking in confidence young people are in their own abilities. Here is a young lady (an engineer!) learning self-resilience and the confidence to be able to do anything in life she puts her mind to. Well said.The story is rather generic - child visits a magical other world - but the screenplay is impressive given its the first-feature screenplay for Ashleigh Powell.The film is credited with two directors. This - particularly if there is also an army of screenwriters - is normally a warning sign on a film. Here, there clearly were issues with the filming since Disney insisted on reshoots for which the original director, Lasse Hallström, was not available. This is where the "Captain America" director Joe Johnston stepped in.I really enjoyed Mackenzie Foy's performance as Clara. Now 18, she is a feisty and believable Disney princess for the modern age. (If, like me, you are struggling to place where you've heard her name before, she was the young Murph in Nolan's "Interstellar"). Another name I was struggling with was Ellie Bamber as her sister. Ellie was excellent in the traumatic role of the daughter in the brilliant "Nocturnal Animals", one of my favourite films of 2016. (Hopefully the therapy has worked and Ellie can sleep at night again!).A newcomer with a big role is Jayden Fowora-Knight as the Nutcracker soldier: Jayden had a bit part in "Ready Player One" but does a great job here in a substantial role in the film. He stands out as a black actor in a Disney feature: notwithstanding the Finn character in "Star Wars", this is a long-overdue and welcome approach from Disney.British comedians Omid Djalili and Jack Whitehouse turn up to add some light relief, but the humour seems rather forced and not particularly fitting.I wasn't expecting to enjoy this one much, but I did. Prinicipally because it is such a visual feast and worth going to see just for that alone: I have a prediction that this film will be nominated for production design, costume design and possible special effects.I think kids of the right age - I would have thought 6 to 10 sort of range - will enjoy this a lot, particularly if they like dance. Young girls in particular will most relate to the lead character. For such kids, I'd rate this a 4*. The rating below reflects my rating as an adult: so I don't think 'drag-a-long' parents in the Christmas holidays (if it is still on by then) will not be totally bored.(For the full graphical review, please check out One Mann's Movies on Facebook).