Even people who never even heard of Tschaikovsky know about the Nutcracker. The same goes for people who never attend ballet performances. In short, the Nutcracker is the theatre equivalent of the Home Alone movies for the holiday season-a standard, albeit a kitschy one. But then again, kitsch goes with Christmas just as good as wine with good cheese. And yes, cheesy is one of numerous adjectives that come to mind when I think about this lates product of Lasse Halstrom's imagination. How can someone who produced masterpiece fairytales like "Chocolat" come up with something like this? It made me feel that the camera tape was made of cotton candy. Essentially, it's the "four realms" where things went terribly wrong. Instead of providing us with simple narrative, mountains of gingerbread and a touching sountrack (it's a Christmas ballet, not Star Wars), Hallstrom decides to introduce us to Clara, the main protagonist who happens to be a clever, innovative pre-feminist heroine stuck in Victorian patriarchy. She finds out her mother used to be a queen of a magical world that since turned into a rainbow-coloured chaos where Helen Mirren is dressed to kill in a castle shaped like a huge doll.Clara almost flaunts her antisocial behaviour and wants us to think she's cool because she's not obsessing about things that are "expected from us". Her family's overblown grief about her deceased mother and her absence at the big Christmas tree pushed it over the edge for me, but you stick with it because it really does look like a perfect holiday with big decorated trees, dolls, warm fireplaces, presents and cakes. There is this annoying trend in Disney where every female lead in the classic fairytales suddenly turns into a witty, pseudo-feminist who's about to save the world, or at least, herself. It's almost isulting how they twist and turn traditional narratives where women only ever aspire to be wives or mothers instead of inventors or Hillary Clinton. In other words, in the imagination of the Brothers Grimm, to paraphrase Clinton, they gladly stay at home and bake cookies. And desperately need men to break the curse and save them, while the villains mostly are-what a surprise- other women. Similarly to "Alice in Wonderland", Hallstrom's movie fails because it insists on a nonexistent stereotype in the original context of the source material. It's only because we're in Victorian London that Clara isn't a black vegan lesbian, to tick all the boxes of feminist political correctness. So I'd suggest you stick with the ballet, as it has more grace and the exact amount of cotton candy to make it digestible.