The Nutcracker and the Four Realms (3 out of 5 stars).The Nutcracker and the Four Realms is a decent fantasy adventure film that retells or is loosely retelling the The Nutcracker story. It is flashy with costumes, set design, hair and make up, and visual effects. But the story does feel like it is crossing similar grounds to the Narnia movies or Alice in Wonderland. It is not a bad or terrible film. It is entertaining and fun for the whole family. Especially for the holidays and Christmas season.The plot follows Clara (Mackenzie Foy) who travels to a mystical world of four realms. When she is trying to discover a missing key for her gift. She runs into the sugar plum (Keira Knightley), Hawthrone (Eugenio Derbez), Shiver (Richard E. Grant), and the mother Ginger (Helen Mirren) who apparently is trying to take over all the realms. Clara has to find the missing key and fight the dark army of nutcrackers and to claim the throne that belongs to her.The plot feels similar to Narnia. But it was nonetheless entertaining. Clara feeling a little lost with her family. And her father wanting her and her siblings to go to a Christmas party. From there, she falls into a fantasy world that is thrown into chaos. Where she needs to fight off the evil and make everything right was great.The direction did feel a little dull with the film. The overbearing visual effects were questionable. A lot of moments were you could tell it was green screen or the cgi did not feel like it was completed. From the beginning moments of the outlook of London looked terrible and like a bad cgi scene from The Polar Express movie.The costumes, set design, and make up were flashy and characterized like it was an Alice in Wonderland movie. Mackenzie Foy gave a beautiful performance. Keira Knightley as Sugar Plum was also a fun performance. Eugenio Derbez and Richard E. Grant barely had anything to work with. Helen Mirren was also okay playing Ginger.The film had a fair share of action with Clara facing against the mice army and nutcrackers.Overall, The Nutcracker and the Four Realms was a fair fantasy adventure film. The plot is shadowed by its overbearing iffy visual effects, costumes and set designs. Mackenzie Foy does shine with a beautiful performance. But the movie will be quite forgettable.